docs/config/reference/config.md, before:

# Remote Config

```
firebase.config
```

## Methods

The following methods are accessed via the Config instance `firebase.config()`.

### enableDeveloperMode
[method]enableDeveloperMode() returns void;[/method]

Enable Remote Config developer mode to allow for frequent refreshes of the cache.

[collapse Example]
```js
firebase.config().enableDeveloperMode();
```
[/collapse]

### setDefaults
[method]setDefaults(defaults) returns void;[/method]

Sets default values for the app to use when accessing values. Any data fetched and activated will override any default values. Any values in the defaults but not on Firebase will be untouched.

| Parameter |         |
| --------- | ------- |
| defaults   | **object**  |

### fetch
[method]fetch(duration) returns Promise<void>;[/method]

Fetches the remote config data from Firebase, defined in the dashboard. If duration is defined (seconds), data will be locally cached for this duration.

The default duration is 43200 seconds (12 hours). To force a cache refresh call the method with a duration of 0.

| Parameter |         |
| --------- | ------- |
| duration   | **number** <br /> Duration in seconds to cache the data for |

Thrown errors can be one of the following:

| code | message        |
| --------- | ------- |
| config/failure   | Config fetch failed |
| config/no_fetch_yet   | Config has never been fetched |
| config/throttled   | Config fetch was throttled |

[collapse Example]
```js
firebase.config().fetch()
```
[/collapse]

### activateFetched
[method]activateFetched() returns Promise containing boolean;[/method]

Moves fetched data in the apps active config. Always successfully resolves with a boolean value of whether the fetched config was moved successfully.

[collapse Example]
```js
firebase.config().fetch()
  .then(() => firebase.config().activateFetched())
  .then(() => {
    // Chain additional firebase config methods if needed
  })
  .catch((error) => console.log(`Error processing config: ${error}`))
```
[/collapse]

### getValue
[method]getValue(key) returns Promise containing snapshot;[/method]

Gets a config item by key. Returns a snapshot containing source (`default`, `remote` or `static`) and `val` function.

| Parameter |         |
| --------- | ------- |
| key   | **string** |

[collapse Example]
```js
firebase.config().fetch()
  .then(() => firebase.config().activateFetched())
  .then(() => firebase.config().getValue('some_remote_config_key'))
  .then((data) => {
    // Do something with data
  })
  .catch((error) => console.log(`Error processing config: ${error}`))
```
[/collapse]

### getValues
[method]getValues(array) returns Promise containing object of snapshots;[/method]

Gets multiple values by key. Returns a snapshot object with snapshot keys e.g. `snapshots.foo.val()`.

| Parameter |         |
| --------- | ------- |
| array   | **Array<string>** <br /> An array of keys from which to get values |
  
[collapse Example]
```js
firebase.config().fetch()
  .then(() => firebase.config().activateFetched())
  .then(() => firebase.config().getKeysByPrefix('some_key_prefix_'))
  .then((arr) => firebase.config().getValues(arr))
  .then((objects) => {
    let data = {};
    // Retrieve values
    Object.keys(objects).forEach((key) => {
      data[key] = objects[key].val();
      // Do something with data
    });
  })
  .catch((error) => console.log(`Error processing config: ${error}`))
```
[/collapse]

### getKeysByPrefix
[method]getKeysByPrefix(prefix) returns Promise containing Array of strings;[/method]

Returns all keys as an array by a prefix. If no prefix is defined all keys are returned.

| Parameter |         |
| --------- | ------- |
| prefix    | **string** (optional) |


[collapse Example]
```js
firebase.config().fetch()
  .then(() => firebase.config().activateFetched())
  .then(() => firebase.config().getKeysByPrefix('some_key_prefix_'))
  .then((keys) => {
     console.log(keys[0]);
  })
  .catch((error) => console.log(`Error processing config: ${error}`))
```
[/collapse]

### setDefaultsFromResource
[method]setDefaultsFromResource(filename) returns void;[/method]

Sets the default values from a resource:

- Android: Id for the XML resource, which should be in your application's res/xml folder.
- iOS: The plist file name, with no file name extension.

| Parameter |         |
| --------- | ------- |
| filename  | **string** or **number** |

Commit message:

add warnings about potential upcoming changes

docs/config/reference/config.md, after:

# Remote Config

```
firebase.config
```

?> **Upcoming Change:** Note that this API is likely to change in v5.1.0 to simplify it and reduce RN bridge calls. The API implemented currently is an initial draft to allow early access.

## Methods

The following methods are accessed via the Config instance `firebase.config()`.

### enableDeveloperMode
[method]enableDeveloperMode() returns void;[/method]

Enable Remote Config developer mode to allow for frequent refreshes of the cache.

[collapse Example]
```js
firebase.config().enableDeveloperMode();
```
[/collapse]

### setDefaults
[method]setDefaults(defaults) returns void;[/method]

Sets default values for the app to use when accessing values. Any data fetched and activated will override any default values. Any values in the defaults but not on Firebase will be untouched.

| Parameter |         |
| --------- | ------- |
| defaults   | **object**  |

### fetch
[method]fetch(duration) returns Promise<void>;[/method]

Fetches the remote config data from Firebase, defined in the dashboard. If duration is defined (seconds), data will be locally cached for this duration.

The default duration is 43200 seconds (12 hours). To force a cache refresh call the method with a duration of 0.

| Parameter |         |
| --------- | ------- |
| duration   | **number** <br /> Duration in seconds to cache the data for |

Thrown errors can be one of the following:

| code | message        |
| --------- | ------- |
| config/failure   | Config fetch failed |
| config/no_fetch_yet   | Config has never been fetched |
| config/throttled   | Config fetch was throttled |

[collapse Example]
```js
firebase.config().fetch()
```
[/collapse]

### activateFetched
[method]activateFetched() returns Promise containing boolean;[/method]

Moves fetched data in the apps active config. Always successfully resolves with a boolean value of whether the fetched config was moved successfully.

[collapse Example]
```js
firebase.config().fetch()
  .then(() => firebase.config().activateFetched())
  .then(() => {
    // Chain additional firebase config methods if needed
  })
  .catch((error) => console.log(`Error processing config: ${error}`))
```
[/collapse]

### getValue
[method]getValue(key) returns Promise containing snapshot;[/method]

Gets a config item by key. Returns a snapshot containing source (`default`, `remote` or `static`) and `val` function.

| Parameter |         |
| --------- | ------- |
| key   | **string** |

[collapse Example]
```js
firebase.config().fetch()
  .then(() => firebase.config().activateFetched())
  .then(() => firebase.config().getValue('some_remote_config_key'))
  .then((data) => {
    // Do something with data
  })
  .catch((error) => console.log(`Error processing config: ${error}`))
```
[/collapse]

### getValues
[method]getValues(array) returns Promise containing object of snapshots;[/method]

Gets multiple values by key. Returns a snapshot object with snapshot keys e.g. `snapshots.foo.val()`.

| Parameter |         |
| --------- | ------- |
| array   | **Array<string>** <br /> An array of keys from which to get values |
  
[collapse Example]
```js
firebase.config().fetch()
  .then(() => firebase.config().activateFetched())
  .then(() => firebase.config().getKeysByPrefix('some_key_prefix_'))
  .then((arr) => firebase.config().getValues(arr))
  .then((objects) => {
    let data = {};
    // Retrieve values
    Object.keys(objects).forEach((key) => {
      data[key] = objects[key].val();
      // Do something with data
    });
  })
  .catch((error) => console.log(`Error processing config: ${error}`))
```
[/collapse]

### getKeysByPrefix
[method]getKeysByPrefix(prefix) returns Promise containing Array of strings;[/method]

Returns all keys as an array by a prefix. If no prefix is defined all keys are returned.

| Parameter |         |
| --------- | ------- |
| prefix    | **string** (optional) |


[collapse Example]
```js
firebase.config().fetch()
  .then(() => firebase.config().activateFetched())
  .then(() => firebase.config().getKeysByPrefix('some_key_prefix_'))
  .then((keys) => {
     console.log(keys[0]);
  })
  .catch((error) => console.log(`Error processing config: ${error}`))
```
[/collapse]

### setDefaultsFromResource
[method]setDefaultsFromResource(filename) returns void;[/method]

Sets the default values from a resource:

- Android: Id for the XML resource, which should be in your application's res/xml folder.
- iOS: The plist file name, with no file name extension.

| Parameter |         |
| --------- | ------- |
| filename  | **string** or **number** |
