docs/notifications/receiving-notifications.md, before:

# Receiving Notifications

## 1) Check permissions

Before you are able to send and receive Notifications, you need to ensure that the user has granted the correct permissions:

```js
const enabled = await firebase.messaging().hasPermission();
if (enabled) {
    // user has permissions
} else {
    // user doesn't have permission
}
```

or:

```js
firebase.messaging().hasPermission()
  .then(enabled => {
    if (enabled) {
      // user has permissions
    } else {
      // user doesn't have permission
    } 
  });
```

## 2) Request permissions

If the user has not already granted permissions, then you can prompt them to do so, as follows:

```js
try {
    await firebase.messaging().requestPermission();
    // User has authorised
} catch (error) {
    // User has rejected permissions
}
```

or:

```js
firebase.messaging().requestPermission()
  .then(() => {
    // User has authorised  
  })
  .catch(error => {
    // User has rejected permissions  
  });
```

## 3) Listen for Notifications

Notifications encompass three different types:

- notification-only messages from FCM
- notification + data messages from FCM
- local notifications

> For data-only FCM messages, please see the [Messaging Module](version /messaging/receiving-messages).

A notification will trigger one of two listeners depending on the state of your application:

- `onNotificationDisplayed` - Triggered when a particular notification has been displayed
- `onNotification` - Triggered when a particular notification has been received

```js
// Optional: Flow type
import type { Notification } from 'react-native-firebase';

componentDidMount() {
    this.notificationDisplayedListener = firebase.notifications().onNotificationDisplayed((notification: Notification) => {
        // Process your notification as required
        // ANDROID: Remote notifications do not contain the channel ID. You will have to specify this manually if you'd like to re-display the notification.
    });
    this.notificationListener = firebase.notifications().onNotification((notification: Notification) => {
        // Process your notification as required
    });
}

componentWillUnmount() {
    this.notificationDisplayedListener();
    this.notificationListener();
}
```

## 4) Listen for a Notification being opened

> On Android, unfortunately there is no way to access the title and body of an opened remote notification.  You can use the `data` part of the remote notification to supply this information if it's required.

### App in Foreground and background
If your app is in the foreground, or background, you can listen for when a notification is clicked / tapped / opened as follows:

```js
// Optional: Flow type
import type { Notification, NotificationOpen } from 'react-native-firebase';

componentDidMount() {
    this.notificationOpenedListener = firebase.notifications().onNotificationOpened((notificationOpen: NotificationOpen) => {
        // Get the action triggered by the notification being opened
        const action = notificationOpen.action;
        // Get information about the notification that was opened
        const notification: Notification = notificationOpen.notification;
    });
}

componentWillUnmount() {
    this.notificationOpenedListener();
}
```

### App Closed

If your app is closed, you can check if it was opened by a notification being clicked / tapped / opened as follows:

```js
// Optional: Flow type
import type { Notification, NotificationOpen } from 'react-native-firebase';

async componentDidMount() {
    const notificationOpen: NotificationOpen = await firebase.notifications().getInitialNotification();
    if (notificationOpen) {
        // App was opened by a notification
        // Get the action triggered by the notification being opened
        const action = notificationOpen.action;
        // Get information about the notification that was opened
        const notification: Notification = notificationOpen.notification;
    }
}
```

or:

```js
// Optional: Flow type
import type { Notification, NotificationOpen } from 'react-native-firebase';

componentDidMount() {
    firebase.notifications().getInitialNotification()
      .then((notificationOpen: NotificationOpen) => {
        if (notificationOpen) {
          // App was opened by a notification
          // Get the action triggered by the notification being opened
          const action = notificationOpen.action;
          // Get information about the notification that was opened
          const notification: Notification = notificationOpen.notification;  
        }
      });
}
```

Commit message:

Add docs for background download completion on iOS.
Related to this PR - https://github.com/invertase/react-native-firebase/pull/1393

docs/notifications/receiving-notifications.md, after:

# Receiving Notifications

## 1) Check permissions

Before you are able to send and receive Notifications, you need to ensure that the user has granted the correct permissions:

```js
const enabled = await firebase.messaging().hasPermission();
if (enabled) {
    // user has permissions
} else {
    // user doesn't have permission
}
```

or:

```js
firebase.messaging().hasPermission()
  .then(enabled => {
    if (enabled) {
      // user has permissions
    } else {
      // user doesn't have permission
    } 
  });
```

## 2) Request permissions

If the user has not already granted permissions, then you can prompt them to do so, as follows:

```js
try {
    await firebase.messaging().requestPermission();
    // User has authorised
} catch (error) {
    // User has rejected permissions
}
```

or:

```js
firebase.messaging().requestPermission()
  .then(() => {
    // User has authorised  
  })
  .catch(error => {
    // User has rejected permissions  
  });
```

## 3) Listen for Notifications

Notifications encompass three different types:

- notification-only messages from FCM
- notification + data messages from FCM
- local notifications

> For data-only FCM messages, please see the [Messaging Module](version /messaging/receiving-messages).

A notification will trigger one of two listeners depending on the state of your application:

- `onNotificationDisplayed` - Triggered when a particular notification has been displayed. **iOS Only**: see [ref notifications.IOSNotification#complete] for details on handling completion of background downloads
- `onNotification` - Triggered when a particular notification has been received

```js
// Optional: Flow type
import type { Notification } from 'react-native-firebase';

componentDidMount() {
    this.notificationDisplayedListener = firebase.notifications().onNotificationDisplayed((notification: Notification) => {
        // Process your notification as required
        // ANDROID: Remote notifications do not contain the channel ID. You will have to specify this manually if you'd like to re-display the notification.
    });
    this.notificationListener = firebase.notifications().onNotification((notification: Notification) => {
        // Process your notification as required
    });
}

componentWillUnmount() {
    this.notificationDisplayedListener();
    this.notificationListener();
}
```

## 4) Listen for a Notification being opened

> On Android, unfortunately there is no way to access the title and body of an opened remote notification.  You can use the `data` part of the remote notification to supply this information if it's required.

### App in Foreground and background
If your app is in the foreground, or background, you can listen for when a notification is clicked / tapped / opened as follows:

```js
// Optional: Flow type
import type { Notification, NotificationOpen } from 'react-native-firebase';

componentDidMount() {
    this.notificationOpenedListener = firebase.notifications().onNotificationOpened((notificationOpen: NotificationOpen) => {
        // Get the action triggered by the notification being opened
        const action = notificationOpen.action;
        // Get information about the notification that was opened
        const notification: Notification = notificationOpen.notification;
    });
}

componentWillUnmount() {
    this.notificationOpenedListener();
}
```

### App Closed

If your app is closed, you can check if it was opened by a notification being clicked / tapped / opened as follows:

```js
// Optional: Flow type
import type { Notification, NotificationOpen } from 'react-native-firebase';

async componentDidMount() {
    const notificationOpen: NotificationOpen = await firebase.notifications().getInitialNotification();
    if (notificationOpen) {
        // App was opened by a notification
        // Get the action triggered by the notification being opened
        const action = notificationOpen.action;
        // Get information about the notification that was opened
        const notification: Notification = notificationOpen.notification;
    }
}
```

or:

```js
// Optional: Flow type
import type { Notification, NotificationOpen } from 'react-native-firebase';

componentDidMount() {
    firebase.notifications().getInitialNotification()
      .then((notificationOpen: NotificationOpen) => {
        if (notificationOpen) {
          // App was opened by a notification
          // Get the action triggered by the notification being opened
          const action = notificationOpen.action;
          // Get information about the notification that was opened
          const notification: Notification = notificationOpen.notification;  
        }
      });
}
```
